## Idea
**Zet** is a file management system that primarily focuses on linking files together. It is in the very early stages of development, but it will be a CLI app where users can call functions to link files and view the links to and from the current file. While it is a file management system, most users will likely use it as a zettelkasten to manage there knowledge. "Zettelkasten" is a German word that translates to "slip box" in English and it serves as a method of storing notes and making connections between the notes so that counterintuitive relationships between ideas can be organically formed. This is where the name "Zet" comes from. While this will be the most common use case, it can have various other use cases, such as modelling hierarchies, illustrating the design flow of a project, and many other applications. The inspiration came from the very popular app Obsidian, but I wanted to make a simpler version for people that want a simple and efficient way to manage their files.

## purpose
I am a sophomore computer science student at Texas A&M University and I wanted to make a personal project other people, and myself, can use in our day to day life. This is also a great opportunity to further developi my programming skills and learn more about the process of developing a program without the constraints of a syllabus or specific guidelines. Since I am trying to learn as much as possible throughout this process, I will **NOT** be using any generative AI to assist with this project. That being said, this is my first software-specific project not related to school, so I am excited to see how much I can get out of this project.
